# Contributing to HMP16SData

Thank you for you interest in contributing to HMP16SData! We would be happy to
have you participate. Just read this document to be sure you are in the right
place. We look forward to your contribution!

## Conduct

HMP16SData is released with a Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct and anyone
contributing to the project acknowledges this and agrees to abide by the terms.

## Questions

If you only need to ask a question about the use of HMP16SData, the best place
to do so is the [Bioconductor Support Site](https://support.bioconductor.org/).
The functionality of the package is well-documented in the vignette but if it
seems something has been forgotten, ask your question and add the tag HMP16SData
so we can respond quickly.

## Issues

If you don't have a question but rather think you have found an error in our
software, we want to know and will rectify the issue as quickly as possible.
However, please be sure what you are submitting as an issue is truly an error in
our software and follow the issue template so we can understand what is going on
and fix the problem quickly. If you instead have a feature request, read on.

## Feature Requests

Do you have a good idea for HMP16SData? We would be happy to consider it for
implementation. First, check the
[HMP16SData Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/bS1FPmdT/hmp16sdata) and see if
the idea is already on our docket. If it is, feel free to vote for its
implementation if you have a Trello account. If not, we have created a
[HMP16SData Feature Request Form](https://goo.gl/forms/f4RQSV7qL4zy7f5g1) where
you can tell us what you're thinking about. The form will create a new Trello
card and we will consider the idea. Perhaps you even want to try to implement it
yourself, read on to learn about pull requests.

## Pull Requests

If you want to implement a feature and have it included in HMP16SData, that's
great and we are happy to merge it. Just fork the repository and follow the
coding style of the package (avoid nested functions, use magrittr, etc.) to
implement your new feature. Write a unit test if you are able and be sure your
code passes R CMD build and R CMD check. When you are ready, submit your pull
request and it will be reviewed. Provided the new feature is within the scope of
the package and the code, documentation, and unit test are well-written your
pull request will be squashed and merged.
